
Have asvab wk as example of words knoweledge test.
Generate me a list of 100 less common the most test relevant english words starting with "C".
Important, words must be still usable and rather common in modern language.
Check there is no repeating words, e.g. Calculated, Calculation, Calculating.
Double check the best word meaning.

I need only a list - word - short description.

---------------------------------

I know these words from the list:

And I know these words proposed in different prompts, don't use:

Think and double check yourself that you are not using correct words and there is final 100 words not repeating and following rules above

Generate substitutes. Replace only words I know or say dont use




---------------------------------

Print comma separated list of the final words list. Only comma separated list, nothing else.
Double check that is the correct list and there is correct count of words.
Triple check yourself.
In the end I need Only comma separated list, nothing else

---------------------------------


Make .mochi cards with the words. Each back card must include (each on a new line):

1. Word meaning
2. Russian word translate
3. Mnemonic Idea hot to remember it, e.g. "amenable - a man able to agree"
4. example
5. Closest synonym and antonym
6. Nuance of use e.g. "usually used in legal"
7. asvab like question with tricky phrases that includes this word, short answer.
   Questions must be so that answers may be positive, negative and more complex selection from multiple choice, but as in asvab, should show word knoweledge.
   - "The project was held in abeyance" - was project funded or held? - held
   - If you antagonize a bear, are you calming it down? Answer:  No, antagonize anger bear
  -  Opposite of "Conserved food"? - Fresh food
  - If food was canned, was it fresh or conserved? - Canned usually means conserved, it cant be fresh.
- If we need to color walls in bright colors, we select brown, deep blue or light yellow? - Light yellow is the brightest from 3.



You create mochi style cards:

1. Markdown formatting
2. Use @@@ + blank line to separate cards
3. Important: Use "---" (3 dashes, not ## or anything) + blank line after the word to separate the front and the back of the card.

Example:

Card example (dont use ```markdown)

```markdown

Deter

---

Meaning: To discourage someone from doing something
Russian: Сдерживать, отпугивать
Mnemonic: "De-ter" → Terror that stops you
Example: Security cameras deter potential thieves.
Synonym: Discourage | Antonym: Encourage
Nuance: Often used for crime prevention; implies fear of consequences
Q: Does a deterrent encourage an action? No, deter = discourage/prevent

@@@


...
```


Generation rules:

1. Double check you printed all words!!!
2. Double check that question-answers are mixed - not all just No or Yes. They must be mix of Yes, No, selection from multiple choice.
3. Use canvas.
4. I only need cards.


Task: Generate only cards, no other words.
